So you as the developer get to--know your script best, so it's up to you to decide what error message
you get to show to your user.
So in practice, this can actually be a little more challenging.
But try to create like a one sentence message.
So if a user ran it and ran into this problem, they could look at the last piece of output and determine
what to do to get it to work it.
And it might seem like a lot of work to do this, but writing good scripts can go a really long way,
especially if you're learning this for your work or your job, where your other users are going to be
interacting with your scripts.
Right now, the script
will print all the desk--or the folders--all the folders or the directories. If you pass it a file,
tt will give you this error.
So let's get rid of this.
If you're in Command Mode by pressing escape, you can just do 'dd' to get rid of a line and we can
actually keep this in here if we want to use it later,
but we're not actually going to be needing it right now.
So we'll keep this, but we'll make this message a little bit more actionable. So you can try to give
them an example of what they can do to fix it.
So we'll do some command output into a variable here and we'll say '$(dirname..'
Remember, we used 'basename' last time to get the file name.
So we know they passed us a file so we can take the--
[To self] And should my own practice here..'$search_dir'
So this will say, "give me the directory name of this file that you passed in" and that will give them
a little bit more actionable input.
And then this line is just kind of frivolous,
so delete that.
We don't really care to do anything if it's not a directory.
So you can just put that ':' in there--that basically just says "don't do anything".
So let's quit and run that again.
And that looks a lot better.
And what happens if you pass it a file?
So there was an actionable message that figured out that lowercase.sh was in this folder and then gave
an example of what you can pass.
So that worked pretty slick for our directory argument script.